README.md, before:

# <My Portfolio>

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- My motivation is to embark on my journey in coding as this is one of my first  projects given to me to complete, I would like to incorporate most of the things that I have learned so that the knowledge provided to me will stick in some way.
- my goal is to utilize and showcase some the skills that i've learned through the course as well as start a template or portfolio that others are able to see
- This will help anything (Hopefully) that I studied so far and put it into practice, I can also use this page to display what I have done so far and update it for future use for future employers to see
- What did you learn?

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

Commit message:

fix some sizing for text box, margin left attributes for project images, updated images, and placed icon holder's for contact me at the bottom of the page,

README.md, after:

# <My Portfolio>

## Description

- My motivation is to embark on my journey in coding as this is one of my first  projects given to me to complete, I would like to incorporate most of the things that I have learned so that the knowledge provided to me will stick in some way.
- my goal is to utilize and showcase some the skills that i've learned through the course as well as start a template or portfolio that others are able to see
- This will help anything (Hopefully) that I studied so far and put it into practice, I can also use this page to display what I have done so far and update it for future use for future employers to see
- I learned more about CSS, practice with my sizing, and some HTML about formbox's. I learned about utilizing flew a bit more.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Somphang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
